Assignment Details and Instructions:

Prime Group is a leading company and trusted partner to a range of clients focused on project delivery across the energy, built environment, hospitality, automobile, and other industrial sectors. The company has a history of separated departments with focused functional line managers and four major departments: marketing, engineering, R&D and administration. Through these departments, they offer unique products and subject matter expertise to deliver innovative solutions to critical challenges for their clients’ projects.
Due to the strong level of autonomy of the departments, internal competition always exists. Functional line managers frequently compete with each other rather than focusing on the best interests of Prime Group. Each functional line manager would hope the other would be the cause for project delays rather than working together to avoid delays altogether. Once dates slipped, fingers were pointed and the problem would deteriorate over time. 
The CEO of Prime Group is an ardent believer in project management and usually highlights the linkages between effective and appropriate leadership and successful project delivery.  Unfortunately, the CEO’s ideologies seem to fall on deaf ears and projects continued to fail miserably. The majority of failures have been attributed to limited knowledge of organisational factors influencing people's behaviour and performance during the delivery of projects. Project failures were also attributed to a lack of commitment and collaboration from functional line managers. As Prime Group is set to adopt new ways of working to optimise team performance, the CEO is also interested in exploring alternatives, especially with several viable opportunities to attract clients internationally.

As a project management consultant, the CEO has asked you to prepare a report that critically discusses and analyses the development and management of teams responsible for the successful delivery of future business activities for Prime Group.  Your report needs to critically examine and consider the contribution of leadership, stakeholder engagement, organisational structures, team roles, communication and conflict resolution to the behaviour and performance of teams. 

1. Critically examine and consider the contribution of Leadership   to the behaviour and performance of Prime Group Company. in detailed 700 words. 
Explain what has not been done by Prime Group in termsconflict resoultion 
Explain what Prime Group should do  in terms conflict resoultion to improve its performance

Add sources FROM JORUNALS, ARTICLES, BOOKS  and many others to the answer